hey guys this paw Productions 2010 and
I'm back with another review this one's
a little bit special because I have a
whole bunch of freebies that were
actually given away when you purchase
different LEGO sets and different
amounts at the Lego store or exclusives
on lego.com
now a few these are one of these is at
Toys R Us exclusive and one two of them
are Lego store exclusives three of them
and the rest are pretty much I believe
online Lego store and I believe that's
all I don't think targets out as well
where any of the other ones actually
have exclusive giveaways but yeah let's
get started so the oldest giveaway I
have right here would most likely be the
silver stormtrooper magnet now this one
is actually a removable figure
completely removable completely poseable
very similar to this figure right here
which is a full chrome stormtrooper
which are very very rare items they are
full chrome they have amazing detail on
them the backs all chrome there look at
that glare they are beautiful figures
and actually they used to sell on eBay
and they used to sell on Amazon you
could purchase them I have not seen them
for a while now this is actually not one
for the magnet set the one for the
magnet set comes with a long blaster but
it's virtually the identical figure but
this one comes in the poly bag which I
will show next but this one wasn't
exclusive from actually I got this one
at Legoland which is exclusive
anniversary edition just have stuff on
the back it's a little bit a little bit
creased when I actually got it because
it was the last one they had they were
like I'm sorry we don't have anymore and
I said can you just check one more time
and they did have one left so that's
really cool next here's the actual
silver stormtrooper it just says
stormtrooper
but it's the silver chrome stormtrooper
this is the identical one this that
except this one is opened so yeah it's a
very nice figure you could basically see
yourself in the reflection on it in my
opinion much cooler than mr. gold which
everyone
looking for right now Howard I'm still
determined to find mr. gold so yes this
one wasn't exclusive when you bought $75
or more it comes preassembled which is a
little bizarre because most of them come
in pieces but such as the new ones which
I'll get to in a minute but yeah so this
one comes solidly assembled the next one
is the Hulk now this is the only set or
poly bag that you can actually get the
Hulk in well you can get this hook
displayed here which is the big Hulk but
you cannot actually get a minifigure
Hulk anywhere else which I thought this
was really cool this one has four pieces
most of them have five pieces - eight
pieces because this is just the
minifigure with no accessories although
really cool and if you feel inside you
can't actually see them which is the
bizarre part but he does come fully
assembled similar to this one now I
don't know why they've done that they
have stopped doing that since a good
example of that is the brand new Star
Wars Han Solo figure the hotha dition
which is exclusive poly bag which just
came out recently I believe this is four
days old not even and it's giving away
for one day only at the Lego store if
you purchased I'm leaving with $75 or
more or if you purchased select star
wars sets now I'm not sure but one of
those - so really cool he actually comes
completely disassembled with five pieces
so that's pretty cool it's always nice
to have these exclusive figures up next
we have the exclusive space man magnet
now this was a online-only special which
was I believe about two years ago which
I believe I'm not a review on this one
somewhere I'm not sure if I uploaded it
really cool figure like I said before
the cutoff date they were not glued
together and did not have weird little
keychain holders on their heads they are
fully poseable fully removable figures
which you can interchange the parts
every part on the moves nothing's glued
together they're like a normal Lego
figure when they go stop doing that
or at least for now or the recent ones
I've seen they've all either been glued
together
per
solid LEGO pieces on the torso like it
doesn't come apart and the head doesn't
come off baby I'm not sure why they've
done that but it it's really good for
the ones that still have the unopened
they're all not open ones that are
really cool that's the exclusive
spaceman now if you don't know spaceman
Lego spaceman are some of the very first
themed Lego figures which Lego
introduced these themes such as like you
know normal theme star wars this but
space was one of the first themes and it
caught on and space themes are still
available out there today to purchase
anything from the Mars themes to all
sorts of other things so that's really
cool
next we have a fairly new one it's not
if he was the Han Solo one however it is
the legends of Chima EU ours a crow
fighter I have an individual review of
this because it was so cool this one
actually has 33 pieces which is not the
highest count but it is higher he comes
with his little speeder bike now this is
the only place you can actually get you
are as them now because they have
several leasing team sets so this one
actually comes with a free child ticket
to Legoland which is really cool some of
them do most of them do not
I believe this one did but it came
separately this one the exit of the cut
out where some people don't like to do
because I'm you open the poly Bank
now oh here we have the monster fighters
now this one's actually massive contains
60 pieces it's a whole truck and a
zombie with a shovel you gotta glow in
the dark spider always great to have
some go to dark pieces really cool 60
it's almost double from the 30 pieces 33
pieces from the windows team oh now this
was also going away for a $75 purchase
or more I actually managed to make
myself up two of these three of them
actually because one of them is open and
built but they are very cool I like how
they're starting to give the bigger sets
it's more of an enticement to purchase
stuff because you actually get a vehicle
and a minifigure opposed to just a
minifigure this one was the which they
have been selling these individually but
they actually gave it away it's 71
pieces together away if you purchase $30
or more which is actually a really big
deal considering you get more pieces
here almost 100 pieces for less and you
would get other Polly berries now the
funny thing is they were right when they
were giving these away they're actually
giving them away with price tags still
on them when you purchase something so
you can see the actual value of it which
is I think I believe was six dollars so
I think that's kind of interesting how
they show you what it's worth but give
it you for free
kind of cool I think that was a
last-minute decision to get rid of
excessive amounts of them I'm not sure
but it was really cool the rest of them
are all exclusive and are quite limited
like I said the chrome stormtrooper by
far is the one that's the rarest because
it was not given away at every Lego
store ever it was only select Lego
stores and the rest of them were giving
away in multiple Lego store locations
but the chrome one I've yet to see too
many I've yet to see really any more of
them I mean I've seen a couple online
and some people were selling them a
while ago lately I haven't seen too many
but they are really cool and they're
probably my favorite figure thanks guys
for watching these are really cool I
have some more poly bags and I will be
reviewing that are coming and I have a
few ones that I cannot locate right now
or otherwise using so hope you guys
enjoyed please don't forget please
comment rate and subscribe give me a
thumbs up thanks guys